the last stage of the race for the post of the head
the Russian capital officially began
this is the first election of mayor of moscow for 10 years
six candidates over seven million
registered voters and of course
same set of election promises and
knew the language
shit 14 million the city is not just in the
the capital is a lot of problems and large
projects are also being fought
whose corruption has no end in sight
Acting Mayor of Moscow
Sergey Sobyanin
his team is in power for
two years, they are sure that Moscow
the streets speak for themselves i think that
Sobyanin completely just changed the city
setting different priorities for him
priority has become
public space fighting
traffic jams
public transport development
the medicine
new yucin level and output to but
Moscow education also in the race
involved corruption fighter blogger and leader
opposition movement Alexey
bulk
he recently came under investigation
fraud arrest him
then released on bail
volunteers of his election campaign
promises that the townspeople will see Moscow
renewed boulevard and greens here
valid a month a second time
shift tiles with traffic jams but how
We will understand how people around the world
understands one build convenient roads
to think over the work of traffic lights to
so that they purchase does not work in
In general, such things or people just
the usual give countries though bulk
sharply criticizes his government
the platform is still largely copying
program sobyaninu
and goals took programs this is liberal
the program is focused on the rich
rich young and active
so that they feel comfortable in the city of wai wai
city ​​but what about the elderly nor the rich and
those who need help will calculate
media out of public media attention
focused on sobyanin opposition
media backed by the west and
non-governmental organizations
promotes the bulk candidate so
that the socialists and the communists were left behind
overboard their candidates are scientists ivan
Melnikov and Nikolai Levichev prepared
more humane program anyway
it is expected that the election will attract attention
public and the media and maybe cause hot
discussions
anise on you rt moscow